.\" 1999 PTM Przemek Borys
.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" 1999 PTM Przemek Borys
.\" Last update: A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>, Jan 2002,
.\"              manpages 1.47
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1992 Drew Eckhardt (drew@cs.colorado.edu), March 28, 1992
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\" Modified by Michael Haardt <michael@moria.de>
.\" Modified Fri Jul 23 23:25:42 1993 by Rik Faith <faith@cs.unc.edu>
.\" Modified Tue Oct 22 17:23:51 1996 by Eric S. Raymond <esr@thyrsus.com>
.\"
.TH PIPE 2 1993-07-23 "Linux 0.99.11" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
pipe \- utworzenie potoku
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <unistd.h>
.sp
.BI "int pipe(int " filedes "[2]);"
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
.B pipe
tworzy parę sprzężonych deskryptorów pliku, wskazujących na i-węzeł potoku i
umieszcza je w tablicy wskazywanej przez
.IR filedes .
.I filedes[0]   
jest dla odczytu, a
.I filedes[1]
dla zapisu.
.SH "WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA"
Po pomyślnym zakończeniu zwracane jest zero. Po błędzie zwracane jest \-1
i odpowiednio ustawiane
.IR errno .
.SH BŁĘDY
.TP
.B EMFILE
Proces używa zbyt wielu deskryptorów pliku.
.TP
.B ENFILE
Tablica plików systemu jest pełna.
.TP
.B EFAULT
.I filedes
jest nieprawidłowy.
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
SVr4, SVID, AT&T, POSIX, X/OPEN, BSD 4.3
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR read (2),
.BR write (2),
.BR fork (2),
.BR socketpair (2)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 2 pipe
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
