.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" 1999 PTM Przemek Borys
.\" Last update: A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>, Mar 2002,
.\"              manpages 1.48
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 1992 Drew Eckhardt (drew@cs.colorado.edu), March 28, 1992
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.\" Modified by Michael Haardt <u31b3hs@pool.informatik.rwth-aachen.de>
.\" Modified Sat Jul 24 12:02:47 1993 by Rik Faith <faith@cs.unc.edu>
.\" Modified 15 Apr 1995 by Michael Chastain <mec@shell.portal.com>:
.\"   Added reference to `bdflush(2)'.
.\" Modified 960414 by Andries Brouwer <aeb@cwi.nl>:
.\"   Added the fact that since 1.3.20 sync actually waits.
.\" Modified Tue Oct 22 22:27:07 1996 by Eric S. Raymond <esr@thyrsus.com>
.\" Modified 2001-10-10 by aeb, following Michael Kerrisk.
.\" 
.TH SYNC 2 2001-10-10 "Linux 2.4" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
sync \- zrzucenie buforów podręcznych na dysk
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <unistd.h>
.sp
.B void sync(void);
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
.B sync
zrzuca najpierw i-węzły do buforów, a potem bufory na dysk.
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
SVID, SVID, X/OPEN, BSD 4.3
.SH BŁĘDY
Zgodnie ze standardowymi wskazaniami (np. SVID), 
\fBsync()\fP szereguje zapisy, lecz może powrócić przed dokonaniem
fizycznego zapisu. Mimo to, od wersji 1.3.20, Linux rzeczywiście czeka.
(Wciąż nie gwarantuje to integralności danych: wiele nowoczesnych dysków ma
duże bufory podręczne.)
.SH UWAGI
Począwszy od glibc 2.2.2 prototyp w Linuksie wygląda jak powyżej,
zgodnie z różnymi standardami. W libc4, libc5 i glibc do wersji 2.2.1
było to "int sync(void)", a sync zawsze zwracało 0.
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR bdflush (2),
.BR fsync (2),
.BR fdatasync (2),
.BR update (8),
.BR sync (8)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 2 sync
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
