.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Michael Haardt (michael@moria.de), Fri Apr  2 11:32:09 MET DST 1993
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\" 
.\" Modified Sun Jul 25 11:06:22 1993 by Rik Faith <faith@cs.unc.edu>
.\" Modified Mon Oct 21 17:47:19 EDT 1996 by Eric S. Raymond <esr@thyrsus.com>
.\" Translation (c) 1998 "Wiktor J. Lukasik" <wiktorlu@technologist.com>
.\" Last update: A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>, Mar 2002,
.\"              manpages 1.48
.\"
.TH CZĘŚĆ 5 1993-07-24 "Linux" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
issue \- plik identyfikujący system, wyświetlany przed zalogowaniem
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
Plik \fB/etc/issue\fP jest plikiem tekstowym, zawierającym komunikat lub
tekst identyfikacyjny systemu, który ma być wypisany przed tekstem zachęty
do zalogowania. Jeżeli jest on obsługiwany przez
.BR getty (1),
to może zawierać różne sekwencje typu \fB@\fP\fIznak\fP i \fB\e\fP\fIznak\fP.
.BR getty (1).
.SH PLIKI
/etc/issue
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR getty (1),
.BR motd (5)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 5 issue
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
