.\" {PTM/AB/0.1/20-12-1998/"fclose - zamknięcie strumienia"}
.\" translated by Adam Byrtek <abyrtek@priv.onet.pl>
.\" Aktualizacja do wersji man-pages 1.45 - grudzień 2001 PTM
.\" ------------
.\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by
.\" Chris Torek and the American National Standards Committee X3,
.\" on Information Processing Systems.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)fclose.3	6.7 (Berkeley) 6/29/91
.\"
.\" Converted for Linux, Mon Nov 29 15:19:14 1993, faith@cs.unc.edu
.\"
.\" ------------
.TH FCLOSE 3 1993-11-29 "BSD" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
fclose \- zamknięcie strumienia
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <stdio.h>
.sp
.BI "int fclose(FILE *" stream );
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
Funkcja
.B fclose
odłącza strumień
.I stream
od pliku czy zestawu funkcji. Jeśli strumień był wykorzystywany do
wyprowadzania danch, wszystkie buforowane dane są najpierw zapisywane
za pomocą
.BR fflush (3).
.SH "WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA"
Jeśli funkcja zakończyła się pomyślnie, zwracane jest 0. W przeciwnym
przypadku zwracana jest wartość
.B EOF
a globalna zmienna
.I errno
przyjmuje wartość oznaczającą błąd. W każdym przypadku następna próba
dostępu (włączając w to kolejne wywołanie \fBfclose()\fP) do strumienia
prowadzi do niezdefiniowanego zachowania.
.SH BŁĘDY
.TP
.B EBADF
Deskryptor pliku określający
.I stream
nie jest poprawny.
.\"  This error cannot occur unless you are mixing ANSI C stdio operations and
.\"  low-level file operations on the same stream. If you do get this error,
.\"  you must have closed the stream's low-level file descriptor using
.\"  something like close(fileno(fp)).
.PP
Funkcja
.B fclose
może także zawieść i ustawić wartość
.I errno
na dowolny błąd wymieniony w opisie funkcji
.BR close (2),
.BR write (2)
i
.BR fflush (3).
.SH UWAGI
Należy zauważyć, że
.B fclose
opróżnia jedynie bufory w przestrzeni użytkownika obsługiwane przez
bibliotekę C. Aby upewnić się, że dane zostały fizycznie zapisane na
dysku, należy zrzucić rownież bufory jądra, np. za pomocą
.BR sync (2)
lub
.BR fsync (2).
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
Funkcja
.B fclose
jest zgodna ze standardem ANSI X3.159-1989 (`ANSI C').
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR close (2),
.BR fcloseall (3),
.BR fflush (3),
.BR fopen (3),
.BR setbuf (3)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 3 fclose
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
