.\" Tłumaczenie wersji man-pages 1.45 - wrzesień 2001 PTM
.\" Andrzej Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by
.\" Chris Torek and the American National Standards Committee X3,
.\" on Information Processing Systems.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)fclose.3	6.7 (Berkeley) 6/29/91
.\"
.\" Converted for Linux, Mon Nov 29 15:19:14 1993, faith@cs.unc.edu
.\" Modified to be fcloseall(3) by Nicolás Lichtmaier <nick@debian.org> Fri Apr 10 1998
.\"
.TH FCLOSE 3  1998-04-10 "GNU" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
fcloseall \- zamknięcie wszystkich otwartych strumieni
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #define _GNU_SOURCE
.sp
.B #include <stdio.h>
.sp
.B int fcloseall(void);
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
Funkcja
.B fcloseall
odłącza wszystkie otwarte strumienie od ich plików lub zestawów funkcji.
Wszelkie zbuforowane dane wyjściowe są uprzednio zapisywane przy użyciu
funkcji
.BR fflush (3).
Należy zauważyć, że strumienie standardowe (stdin, stdout
i stderr) są również zamykane.
.SH "WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA"
Funkcja ta zawsze zwraca 0.
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR fclose (3),
.BR close (2),
.BR fflush (3),
.BR fopen (3),
.BR setbuf (3)
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
Funkcja
.B fcloseall
jest rozszerzeniem GNU.
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 3 fcloseall
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
