.\" {PTM/AB/0.1/20-12-1998/"clearerr, feof, ferror, fileno - sprawdzenie i zmiana stanu strumienia"}
.\" translated by Adam Byrtek <abyrtek@priv.onet.pl>
.\" Aktualizacja do man-pages 1.45 - A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>
.\" ------------
.\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by
.\" Chris Torek and the American National Standards Committee X3,
.\" on Information Processing Systems.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)ferror.3	6.8 (Berkeley) 6/29/91
.\"
.\"
.\" Converted for Linux, Mon Nov 29 14:24:40 1993, faith@cs.unc.edu
.\" Added remark on EBADF for fileno, aeb, 2001-03-22
.\" ------------
.TH FERROR 3 2001-10-16 "" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
clearerr, feof, ferror, fileno \- sprawdzenie i zmiana stanu strumienia
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <stdio.h>
.sp
.BI "void clearerr(FILE *" stream );
.br
.BI "int feof(FILE *" stream );
.br
.BI "int ferror(FILE *" stream );
.br
.BI "int fileno(FILE *" stream );
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
Funkcja
.B clearerr
usuwa znaczniki końca pliku i błędu dla strumienia wskazywanego przez
.IR stream .
.PP
Funkcja
.B feof
sprawdza znacznik końca pliku dla strumienia wskazywanego przez
.IR stream ,
zwracając wartość niezerową jeśli jest on ustawiony. Znacznik końca pliku
może zostać usunięty tylko za pomocą funkcji
.BR clearerr .
.PP
Funkcja
.B ferror
sprawdza znacznik błędu dla strumienia wskazywanego przez
.IR stream ,
zwracając wartość niezerową jeśli jest on ustawiony.
Znacznik błędu może zostać usunięty tylko za pomocą funkcji
.BR clearerr .
.PP
Funkcja
.B fileno
bada podany jako argument strumień
.I stream
i zwraca jego deskryptor.
.PP
Informacje o nieblokujących odpowiednikach znajdują się w
.BR unlocked_stdio (3).
.SH BŁĘDY
Funkcje te nie powinny zawieść i nie powinny zmieniać zewnętrznej zmiennej
.IR errno .
(Jednakże w przypadku, gdy
.B fileno
stwierdzi, że jej argument nie jest prawidłowym strumieniem, musi ona
zwrócić \-1 i ustawić
.I errno
na
.BR EBADF .)
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
Funkcje
.BR clearerr ,
.BR feof ,
oraz
.BR ferror
są zgodne z X3.159-1989 (``ANSI C'').
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR open (2),
.BR unlocked_stdio (3),
.BR stdio (3)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 3 ferror
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
