.\" {PTM/AB/0.1/13-03-1999/"fread, fwrite - binarny odczyt/zapis strumienia"}
.\" translated by Adam Byrtek <alpha@irc.pl>
.\" aktualizacja do wersji man-pages 1.45 - A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>
.\" ------------
.\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by
.\" Chris Torek and the American National Standards Committee X3,
.\" on Information Processing Systems.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)fread.3	6.6 (Berkeley) 6/29/91
.\"
.\" Converted for Linux, Mon Nov 29 15:37:33 1993, faith@cs.unc.edu
.\" Sun Feb 19 21:26:54 1995 by faith, return values
.\" Modified Thu Apr 20 20:43:53 1995 by Jim Van Zandt <jrv@vanzandt.mv.com>
.\" Modified Fri May 17 10:21:51 1996 by Martin Schulze <joey@infodrom.north.de>
.\"
.\" ------------
.TH FREAD 3 1996-05-17 "BSD" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
fread, fwrite \- odczyt/zapis strumienia binarnego
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <stdio.h>
.sp
.BI "size_t fread( void *" ptr ", size_t " size ", size_t " nmemb ,
.BI "FILE *" stream );
.sp
.BI "size_t fwrite( const void *" ptr ", size_t " size ", size_t " nmemb ,
.BI "FILE *" stream );
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
Funkcja
.B fread
odczytuje
.I nmemb
elementów danych, każdy o rozmiarze
.I size
bajtów, ze strumienia wskazywanego przez
.IR stream ,
do miejsca w pamięci wskazywanego przez
.IR ptr .
.PP
Funkcja
.B fwrite
zapisuje
.I nmemb
elementów danych, każdy o rozmiarze
.I size
bajtów, do strumienia wskazywanego przez
.IR stream ,
pobierając je z miejsca w pamięci wskazywanego przez
.IR ptr .
.PP
Informacje o nieblokujących odpowiednikach znajdują się w
.BR unlocked_stdio (3).
.SH "WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA"
Funkcje
.B fread
oraz
.B fwrite
zwracają ilość faktycznie zapisanych lub odczytanych elementów (nie liczbę
znaków). Jeśli wystąpi błąd, lub osiągnięty zostanie koniec pliku, zwracana
jst zmniejszona liczba elementów (lub zero).
.PP
Funkcja
.B fread
nie odróżnia pomiędzy końcem pliku i błędem, należy w
tym celu wywołać funkcję
.BR feof (3)
oraz
.BR ferror (3).
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
Funkcje
.B fread
oraz
.B fwrite
są zgodne z ANSI X3.159-1989 (``ANSI C'').
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR read (2),
.BR write (2),
.BR feof (3),
.BR ferror (3),
.BR unlocked_stdio (3)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 3 fread
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
