.\" 2002 PTM Tomasz Kłoczko <kloczek@rudy.mif.pg.gda.pl>
.\"      based on man-pages 1.47
.\" Copyright (c) 1989, 1991, 1993
.\"	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)getloadavg.3	8.1 (Berkeley) 6/4/93
.\"
.Dd 4 czerwca 1993
.Dt GETLOADAVG 3
.Os BSD 4.3
.Sh NAZWA
.Nm getloadavg
.Nd odczytanie wartości średniego obciążenia systemu
.Sh SKŁADNIA
.Fd #include <stdlib.h>
.sp
.Ft int
.Fn getloadavg "double loadavg[]" "int nelem"
.Sh OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.Pp
Funkcja
.Fn getloadavg
zwraca średnią ilość procesów w systemowej kolejce procesów do obsłużenia
w kilku przedziałach czasu.
Pobierane jest maksymalnie
.Fa nelem
próbek wartości obciążenia, które, o ile ich pobranie jest możliwe, są
zwracane w tablicy
.Fa loadavg Ns Bq .
Funkcja umożliwia pobranie maksymalnie trzech próbek wartości średniego
obciążenia z, odpowiednio, średnim obciążeniem w ostatnich 1, 5 i 15 minutach
pracy systemu.
.Sh WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA
Jeżeli wartość średniego obciążenia jest niedostępna, to funkcja zwraca
wartość \-1. W przeciwnym wypadku, zwracana wartość jest ilością zwróconych
w tablicy
.Fa loadavg Ns Bq
próbek obciążenia.
.Sh ZOBACZ TAKŻE
.Xr uptime 1 ,
.Xr proc 5
.Sh HISTORIA
Funkcja
.Fn getloadavg
pojawiła się w
.Bx 4.3 Reno .
.\" mdoc seems to have a bug - there must be no newline here.Sh "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.br
man \-\-locale=C 3 getloadavg
.Pp
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
