.\"***************************************************************************
.\" Copyright (c) 1998-2006,2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.              *
.\"                                                                          *
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a  *
.\" copy of this software and associated documentation files (the            *
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including      *
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,      *
.\" distribute, distribute with modifications, sublicense, and/or sell       *
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is    *
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:                 *
.\"                                                                          *
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included  *
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.                   *
.\"                                                                          *
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS  *
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF               *
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.   *
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,   *
.\" DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR    *
.\" OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR    *
.\" THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.                               *
.\"                                                                          *
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name(s) of the above copyright   *
.\" holders shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the     *
.\" sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written       *
.\" authorization.                                                           *
.\"***************************************************************************
.\"
.\" $Id: clear.1,v 1.8 2010/12/04 18:36:44 tom Exp $
.\"*******************************************************************
.\"
.\" This file was generated with po4a. Translate the source file.
.\"
.\"*******************************************************************
.\" This file is distributed under the same license as original manpage
.\" Copyright of the original manpage:
.\" Copyright © 1998-2006,2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc 
.\" Copyright © of Polish translation:
.\" Przemek Borys (PTM) <pborys@dione.ids.pl>, 1998.
.\" Michał Kułach <michal.kulach@gmail.com>, 2012.
.TH clear 1 ""  
.ds n 5
.SH NAZWA
\fBclear\fP \- czyści ekran terminala
.SH SKŁADNIA
\fBclear\fP
.br
.SH OPIS
\fBclear\fP czyści ekran terminala (o ile to możliwe). Sprawdza on w środowisku
typ terminala, a potem w bazie terminfo szuka sposobu na wyczyszczenie
ekranu.
.PP
\fBclear\fP ignoruje wszystkie ewentualne parametry wiersza poleceń.
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
\fBtput\fP(1), \fBterminfo\fP(\*n)
.PP
Podręcznik odnosi się do wersji 5.9 \fBncurses\fP (łatka 20110404).
.SH TŁUMACZENIE
Autorami polskiego tłumaczenia niniejszej strony podręcznika man są:
Przemek Borys (PTM) <pborys@dione.ids.pl>
i
Michał Kułach <michal.kulach@gmail.com>.
.PP
Polskie tłumaczenie jest częścią projektu manpages-pl; uwagi, pomoc, zgłaszanie błędów na stronie http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages-pl/. Jest zgodne z wersją \fB 5.9 \fPoryginału.
