.\" {PTM/PB/0.1/28-09-1998/"usuń z pliku kolumny"}
.\" Copyright (c) 1980, 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)colrm.1	6.6 (Berkeley) 3/14/91
.\"
.\" Translation (c) 1998 Przemek Borys <pborys@p-soft.silesia.linux.org.pl>
.Dd March 14, 1991
.Dt COLRM 1
.Os BSD 3
.Sh NAZWA
.Nm colrm
.Nd usuń z pliku kolumny
.Sh SKŁADNIA
.Nm colrm
.Op Ar startcol Op Ar endcol
.Sh OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.Pp
.Nm Colrm
usuwa zaznaczone kolumny z pliku. Wejście pobierane jest ze standardowego
wejścia. Wyjście jest wysyłane na standardowe wyjście.
.Pp
Jeśli program jest wywoływany z jednym parametrem, kolumny każdej linii będą
usuwane poczynając od podanej. Jeśli program wywoła się z dwoma parametrami,
będą one oznaczać odpowiednio pierwszą i ostatnią usuwaną kolumnę.
.Pp
Numerowanie kolumn zaczyna się od kolumny pierwszej.
.Sh ZOBACZ TAKŻE
.Xr awk 1 ,
.Xr column 1 ,
.Xr expand 1 ,
.Xr paste 1
.Sh HISTORIA
Komenda
.Nm
pojawiła się w
.Bx 3.0 .
.Sh "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.br
man \-\-locale=C 1 colrm
.Pp
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
