.\" {PTM/PB/0.1/09-05-1999/"emulacja komend nroff przy użyciu groff"}
.ig \"-*- nroff -*-
Copyright (C) 1989-1995 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
translations approved by the Free Software Foundation instead of in
the original English.
..
.TH NROFF 1 "26 czerwca 1995" "Groff wersja 1.10"
.SH NAZWA
nroff \- emulacja komend nroff przy użyciu groffa
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B nroff
[
.B \-h
]
[
.B \-i
]
[
.BI \-m nazwa
]
[
.BI \-n num
]
[
.BI \-o lista
]
[
.BI \-r cn
]
[
.BI \-T nazwa
]
[
.I plik\|.\|.\|.
]
.SH OPIS
\fI Uwaga! To tłumaczenie może być nieaktualne!\fP
.PP
Skrypt
.B nroff
emuluje komendę
.B nroff
przy użyciu groffa.
Opcja 
.B \-T
z argumetem innym niż
.B ascii
i
.B latin1
jest ignorowana.
Opcja
.B \-h
jest równoważna opcji
.B \-h
.B grotty
Opcje
.BR \-i ,
.BR \-n ,
.BR \-m ,
.B \-o
i
.B \-r
są opisane w
.BR troff (1).
Dodatkowo
.B nroff
po cichu ignoruje opcje
.BR \-e ,
.B \-q
lub
.BR \-s .
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR groff (1),
.BR troff (1),
.BR grotty (1)
.SH "INFORMACJE O TŁUMACZENIU"
Powyższe tłumaczenie pochodzi z nieistniejącego już Projektu Tłumaczenia Manuali i 
\fImoże nie być aktualne\fR. W razie zauważenia różnic między powyższym opisem
a rzeczywistym zachowaniem opisywanego programu lub funkcji, prosimy o zapoznanie 
się z oryginalną (angielską) wersją strony podręcznika za pomocą polecenia:
.IP
man \-\-locale=C 1 nroff
.PP
Prosimy o pomoc w aktualizacji stron man \- więcej informacji można znaleźć pod
adresem http://sourceforge.net/projects/manpages\-pl/.
